###### command，shell，raw模块都能调用目标主机上的某条指令或者某个可执行文件  

	[root@node1 ansible]# ansible localhost -m command -a "echo hello"
	localhost | SUCCESS | rc=0 >>
	hello

	[root@node1 ansible]# ansible localhost -m shell -a "echo hello"
	localhost | SUCCESS | rc=0 >>
	hello

	[root@node1 ansible]# ansible localhost -m raw -a "echo hello"
	localhost | SUCCESS | rc=0 >>
	hello

###### 管道支持
|module|支持管道|执行文件|
|------|:--     |:--     |
|command|No|Yes|
|shell |Yes|Yes|
|raw   |Yes|Yes

	[root@node1 ansible]# ansible localhost -m command -a "ps -ef |wc -l"
	localhost | FAILED | rc=1 >>
	error: garbage option

	Usage:
	 ps [options]

	 Try 'ps --help <simple|list|output|threads|misc|all>'
	  or 'ps --help <s|l|o|t|m|a>'
	 for additional help text.

	For more details see ps(1).non-zero return code

	[root@node1 ansible]# ansible localhost -m shell -a "ps -ef |wc -l"
	localhost | SUCCESS | rc=0 >>
	120

	[root@node1 ansible]# ansible localhost -m raw -a "ps -ef |wc -l"
	localhost | SUCCESS | rc=0 >>
	117

###### 参数详细
使用ansible自带的ansible-doc的-s选项输出详细的module的信息  

	[root@node1 ansible]# ansible-doc -s command
	- name: Executes a command on a remote node
	  command:
	      chdir:                 # Change into this directory before running the command.
	      creates:               # A filename or (since 2.0) glob pattern, when it already exists, this step will *not* be run.
	      free_form:             # (required) The command module takes a free form command to run.  There is no parameter actually named
	                               'free form'. See the examples!
	      removes:               # A filename or (since 2.0) glob pattern, when it does not exist, this step will *not* be run.
	      stdin:                 # Set the stdin of the command directly to the specified value.
	      warn:                  # If command_warnings are on in ansible.cfg, do not warn about this particular line if set to `no'.
	[root@node1 ansible]# ansible-doc -s shell
	- name: Execute commands in nodes.
	  shell:
	      chdir:                 # cd into this directory before running the command
	      creates:               # a filename, when it already exists, this step will *not* be run.
	      executable:            # change the shell used to execute the command. Should be an absolute path to the executable.
	      free_form:             # (required) The shell module takes a free form command to run, as a string.  There's not an actual
	                               option named "free form".  See the examples!
	      removes:               # a filename, when it does not exist, this step will *not* be run.
	      stdin:                 # Set the stdin of the command directly to the specified value.
	      warn:                  # if command warnings are on in ansible.cfg, do not warn about this particular line if set to no/false.
	[root@node1 ansible]# ansible-doc -s raw
	- name: Executes a low-down and dirty SSH command
	  raw:
	      executable:            # change the shell used to execute the command. Should be an absolute path to the executable. when using
	                               privilege escalation (`become'), a default shell will be assigned if
	                               one is not provided as privilege escalation requires a shell.
	      free_form:             # (required) the raw module takes a free form command to run. There is no parameter actually named 'free
	                               form'; see the examples!
